##https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/IPTV/main/sob%20demanda

## Looney Tunes


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",000_Abertura
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/Abertura%20A%20Hora%20Warner.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP001-Adoro_receber_ordens_de_voce
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP001-Adoro_receber_ordens_de_voce.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP002-Agua_por_todos_os_lados
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP002-Agua_por_todos_os_lados.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP003-Alimentando_a_cria
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP003-Alimentando_a_cria.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP004-Alucinacao_coletiva
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP004-Alucinacao_coletiva.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP005-Amigos_amigos_ratos_a_parte
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP005-Amigos_amigos_ratos_a_parte.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP006-Amor_e_pragas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP006-Amor_e_pragas.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP007-As_aparencias_enganam
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP007-As_aparencias_enganam.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP008-As_peripecias_de_patolino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP008-As_peripecias_de_patolino.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP009-As_suas_ordens_madame
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP009-As_suas_ordens_madame.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP010-Ataque_aereo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP010-Ataque_aereo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP011-Ataque_ao_forte_do_patolino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP011-Ataque_ao_forte_do_patolino.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP012-Atras_do_papa_leguas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP012-Atras_do_papa_leguas.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP013-Auto_magnetismo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP013-Auto_magnetismo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP014-Azar_de_coiote
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP014-Azar_de_coiote.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP015-A_eterna_cacada
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP015-A_eterna_cacada.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP016-A_infancia_do_pernalonga
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP016-A_infancia_do_pernalonga.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP017-A_ingenuidade_de_frangolino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP017-A_ingenuidade_de_frangolino.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP018-A_message_to_gracias
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP018-A_message_to_gracias.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP019-A_parada_dos_pinguins
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP019-A_parada_dos_pinguins.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP020-A_raposa_e_o_pato
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP020-A_raposa_e_o_pato.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP021-A_vida_atras_das_grades
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP021-A_vida_atras_das_grades.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP022-Baba_por_um_dia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP022-Baba_por_um_dia.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP023-Bancando_a_isca
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP023-Bancando_a_isca.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP024-Banho_de_coelho
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP024-Banho_de_coelho.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP025-Bruxa_shakesperiana
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP025-Bruxa_shakesperiana.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP026-Cacando_o_rato
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP026-Cacando_o_rato.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP027-Camundongos_travessos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP027-Camundongos_travessos.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP028-Cancando_de_apanhar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP028-Cancando_de_apanhar.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP029-Cangooro_e_frajola_em_papai_sabe_tudo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP029-Cangooro_e_frajola_em_papai_sabe_tudo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP030-Canguroo_em_um_rato_no_farol
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP030-Canguroo_em_um_rato_no_farol.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP031-Carrinho_valente
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP031-Carrinho_valente.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP032-Cavaleiro_pernalonga
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP032-Cavaleiro_pernalonga.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP033-Centro_de_rosquinhas_que_buraco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP033-Centro_de_rosquinhas_que_buraco.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP034-Chuva_de_verao
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP034-Chuva_de_verao.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP035-Coelho_18_quilates
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP035-Coelho_18_quilates.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP036-Coelho_cacado
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP036-Coelho_cacado.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP037-Coelho_feat
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP037-Coelho_feat.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP038-Coelho_heroico
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP038-Coelho_heroico.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP039-Coelho_para_cima
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP039-Coelho_para_cima.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP040-Coelho_selvagem
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP040-Coelho_selvagem.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP041-Coelho_selvagem_do_velho_oeste
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP041-Coelho_selvagem_do_velho_oeste.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP042-Coelho_sem_lar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP042-Coelho_sem_lar.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP043-Coiote_em_usando_novos_invento
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP043-Coiote_em_usando_novos_invento.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP044-Colegio_catnip
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP044-Colegio_catnip.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP045-Como_reconhecer_uma_galinha
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP045-Como_reconhecer_uma_galinha.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP046-Como_se_casar_com_um_galo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP046-Como_se_casar_com_um_galo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP047-Complexo_de_Napoleao
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP047-Complexo_de_Napoleao.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP048-Compre_veja_e_preste_atencao
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP048-Compre_veja_e_preste_atencao.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP049-Concerto_sem_do
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP049-Concerto_sem_do.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP050-Corn_on_the_cop
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP050-Corn_on_the_cop.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP051-De_cara_na_parede
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP051-De_cara_na_parede.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP052-De_pai_para_filhos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP052-De_pai_para_filhos.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP053-Dia_de_cao
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP053-Dia_de_cao.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP054-Diversao_na_neve
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP054-Diversao_na_neve.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP055-Doce_sioux
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP055-Doce_sioux.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP056-Dois_corvos_e_um_gafanhoto
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP056-Dois_corvos_e_um_gafanhoto.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP057-Elmert_o_ingrato
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP057-Elmert_o_ingrato.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP058-Em_busca_de_um_lar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP058-Em_busca_de_um_lar.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP059-Encrencas_do_pernalonga
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP059-Encrencas_do_pernalonga.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP060-Enganados_por_um_rato
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP060-Enganados_por_um_rato.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP061-Era_filho_de_um_acrobata
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP061-Era_filho_de_um_acrobata.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP062-Escalando_o_pico
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP062-Escalando_o_pico.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP063-Esporte_dos_campeoes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP063-Esporte_dos_campeoes.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP064-Fabrica_de_bebes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP064-Fabrica_de_bebes.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP065-Falando_do_tempo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP065-Falando_do_tempo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP066-Ferias_aereas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP066-Ferias_aereas.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP067-Filho_de_rato_ratinho_e
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP067-Filho_de_rato_ratinho_e.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP068-Folga_do_sapateiro
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP068-Folga_do_sapateiro.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP069-Frajola_o_heroi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP069-Frajola_o_heroi.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP070-Frangolino_bom_de_briga
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP070-Frangolino_bom_de_briga.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP071-Frangolino_chocando_ovo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP071-Frangolino_chocando_ovo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP072-Frangolino_em_aprendendo_a_ser_frango
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP072-Frangolino_em_aprendendo_a_ser_frango.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP073-Frangolino_em_raposa_medrosa
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP073-Frangolino_em_raposa_medrosa.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP074-Frangolino_em_sirva-se_fuinha
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP074-Frangolino_em_sirva-se_fuinha.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP075-Frangolino_em_uma_fuinha_infernal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP075-Frangolino_em_uma_fuinha_infernal.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP076-Frangolino_tudo_por_um_calor_galinaceo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP076-Frangolino_tudo_por_um_calor_galinaceo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP077-Frango_a_moda_sulista
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP077-Frango_a_moda_sulista.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP078-Fugindo_do_inferno
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP078-Fugindo_do_inferno.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP079-Gaguinho_em_castelo_dos_doendes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP079-Gaguinho_em_castelo_dos_doendes.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP080-Gaguinho_e_Patolino_em_cobertura_total
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP080-Gaguinho_e_Patolino_em_cobertura_total.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP081-Gaguinho_e_patolino_em_descanso_merecido
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP081-Gaguinho_e_patolino_em_descanso_merecido.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP082-Gatos_e_explosivos_nao_se_mistiram
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP082-Gatos_e_explosivos_nao_se_mistiram.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP083-Guerra_e_guerra
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP083-Guerra_e_guerra.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP084-Historias_da_mamae_ganso
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP084-Historias_da_mamae_ganso.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP085-Historia_natural
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP085-Historia_natural.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP086-Ideia_de_genio
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP086-Ideia_de_genio.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP087-Kitty_kornered
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP087-Kitty_kornered.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP088-Lagarta_de_sorte
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP088-Lagarta_de_sorte.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP089-Lagrima_de_crocodilos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP089-Lagrima_de_crocodilos.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP090-Ligeirinho_em_prato_mexicano
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP090-Ligeirinho_em_prato_mexicano.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP091-Ligeirinho_salva_a_cidade
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP091-Ligeirinho_salva_a_cidade.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP092-Little_red_walking_hood
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP092-Little_red_walking_hood.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP093-Lobo_na_pele_de_ovelha
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP093-Lobo_na_pele_de_ovelha.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP094-Louvre_de_volta_a_mim
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP094-Louvre_de_volta_a_mim.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP095-Mamae_galo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP095-Mamae_galo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP096-Manda_bala
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP096-Manda_bala.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP097-Marcianos_invadem_a_terra
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP097-Marcianos_invadem_a_terra.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP098-Meu_pato_favorito
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP098-Meu_pato_favorito.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP099-Moby_duck_ligeirinho_e_patolino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP099-Moby_duck_ligeirinho_e_patolino.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP100-Mostra_de_caes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP100-Mostra_de_caes.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP101-Mudanca_de_vida
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP101-Mudanca_de_vida.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP102-Mudanca_rapida
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP102-Mudanca_rapida.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP103-Muito_trabalho_para_nada
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP103-Muito_trabalho_para_nada.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP104-Mundo_do_futebol
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP104-Mundo_do_futebol.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP105-Musica_perambulante
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP105-Musica_perambulante.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP106-Nao_abandone_as_ovelhas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP106-Nao_abandone_as_ovelhas.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP107-Nao_ha_dinheiro_que_nao_pague
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP107-Nao_ha_dinheiro_que_nao_pague.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP108-Nasce_uma_estrela
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP108-Nasce_uma_estrela.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP109-Na_compania_do_patolino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP109-Na_compania_do_patolino.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP110-No_caminho_do_progresso
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP110-No_caminho_do_progresso.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP111-Oeste_selvagem
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP111-Oeste_selvagem.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP112-Operacao_coelho
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP112-Operacao_coelho.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP113-Os_tres_porquinhos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP113-Os_tres_porquinhos.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP114-Ouro_de_coelho
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP114-Ouro_de_coelho.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP115-O_abominavel_coelho_das_neves
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP115-O_abominavel_coelho_das_neves.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP116-O_alegre_passeio_mexicano
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP116-O_alegre_passeio_mexicano.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP117-O_aprendiz_de_papa_galinhas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP117-O_aprendiz_de_papa_galinhas.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP118-O_aristogato
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP118-O_aristogato.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP119-O_artista_patolino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP119-O_artista_patolino.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP120-O_cacador_de_coelhos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP120-O_cacador_de_coelhos.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP121-O_coelho_boxer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP121-O_coelho_boxer.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP122-O_coelho_de_wackiki
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP122-O_coelho_de_wackiki.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP123-O_coelho_do_dia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP123-O_coelho_do_dia.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP124-O_coelho_que_veio_para_jantar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP124-O_coelho_que_veio_para_jantar.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP125-O_dia_da_marmota
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP125-O_dia_da_marmota.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP126-O_esperto_e_excentrico_pato
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP126-O_esperto_e_excentrico_pato.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP127-O_estupido_cupido
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP127-O_estupido_cupido.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP128-O_fim_secreto
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP128-O_fim_secreto.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP130-O_galo_atrapalhado
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP130-O_galo_atrapalhado.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP131-O_gato_sai_e_os_ratos_fazem_a_festa
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP131-O_gato_sai_e_os_ratos_fazem_a_festa.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP132-O_gaviao_exigente
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP132-O_gaviao_exigente.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP133-O_hipinotizador_de_gatos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP133-O_hipinotizador_de_gatos.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP134-O_indio_joe
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP134-O_indio_joe.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP135-O_lobo_chocado
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP135-O_lobo_chocado.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP136-O_melhor_amigo_do_cao
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP136-O_melhor_amigo_do_cao.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP137-O_mundo_e_dos_mais_vivos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP137-O_mundo_e_dos_mais_vivos.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP138-O_oscar_vai_para_pernalonga
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP138-O_oscar_vai_para_pernalonga.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP139-O_osso
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP139-O_osso.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP140-O_pequeno_cao_orfao
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP140-O_pequeno_cao_orfao.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP141-O_pica_pau_ouconsciencia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP141-O_pica_pau_ouconsciencia.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP142-O_rato_destruidor
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP142-O_rato_destruidor.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP143-O_refugio
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP143-O_refugio.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP144-O_resfriado
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP144-O_resfriado.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP145-O_sonho_de_jack
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP145-O_sonho_de_jack.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP146-O_terror_do_deserto
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP146-O_terror_do_deserto.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP147-O_treinador_de_frajola
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP147-O_treinador_de_frajola.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP148-O_ultimo_gato_faminto
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP148-O_ultimo_gato_faminto.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP149-O_ultimo_moicano
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP149-O_ultimo_moicano.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP150-O_vigia_noturno
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP150-O_vigia_noturno.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP151-O_vilao
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP151-O_vilao.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP152-Paixoes_de_rato
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP152-Paixoes_de_rato.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP153-Panchicho_vanila
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP153-Panchicho_vanila.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP154-Parabens_voce_e_pai
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP154-Parabens_voce_e_pai.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP155-Passeio_pelo_hawaii
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP155-Passeio_pelo_hawaii.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP156-Patolino_detetive
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP156-Patolino_detetive.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP157-Patolino_em_hollywood
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP157-Patolino_em_hollywood.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP158-Patolino_em_nao_me_coma
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP158-Patolino_em_nao_me_coma.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP159-Patolino_em_o_bebe_da_cegonha
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP159-Patolino_em_o_bebe_da_cegonha.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP160-Patolino_e_seus_truques
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP160-Patolino_e_seus_truques.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP161-Patolino_no_velho_oeste
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP161-Patolino_no_velho_oeste.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP162-Pato_pasmo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP162-Pato_pasmo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP163-Pato_superior
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP163-Pato_superior.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP164-Pepe_le_pew_em_amor_selvagem
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP164-Pepe_le_pew_em_amor_selvagem.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP165-Pepe_le_pew_em_aventura_inesquecivel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP165-Pepe_le_pew_em_aventura_inesquecivel.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP166-Pepe_le_pew_em_romance_nos_alpes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP166-Pepe_le_pew_em_romance_nos_alpes.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP167-Pepe_le_pew_na_legiao_estrangeira
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP167-Pepe_le_pew_na_legiao_estrangeira.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP168-Perdidos_na_ilha
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP168-Perdidos_na_ilha.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP169-Perdido_e_orfao
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP169-Perdido_e_orfao.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP170-Pernalonga_a_descoberta_da_america
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP170-Pernalonga_a_descoberta_da_america.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP171-Pernalonga_em_coelho_do_deserto
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP171-Pernalonga_em_coelho_do_deserto.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP172-Pernalonga_em_contatos_imediatos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP172-Pernalonga_em_contatos_imediatos.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP173-Pernalonga_em_frente_e_marche
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP173-Pernalonga_em_frente_e_marche.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP174-Pernalonga_em_gorila_dos_meus_sonhos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP174-Pernalonga_em_gorila_dos_meus_sonhos.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP175-Pernalonga_em_marte
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP175-Pernalonga_em_marte.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP176-Pernalonga_em_o_coelho_espacial
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP176-Pernalonga_em_o_coelho_espacial.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP177-Pernalonga_em_o_ouro_da_cobica
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP177-Pernalonga_em_o_ouro_da_cobica.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP178-Pernalonga_em_rasgando_o_contrato
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP178-Pernalonga_em_rasgando_o_contrato.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP180-Pernalonga_e_o_lobo_mau
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP180-Pernalonga_e_o_lobo_mau.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP181-Pernalonga_e_o_marciano
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP181-Pernalonga_e_o_marciano.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP182-Pernalonga_e_o_pe_de_feijao
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP182-Pernalonga_e_o_pe_de_feijao.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP183-Pesadelo_de_coelho
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP183-Pesadelo_de_coelho.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP184-Piu_piu_em_frajola_na_gaiola
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP184-Piu_piu_em_frajola_na_gaiola.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP185-Piu_piu_em_novos_vizinhos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP185-Piu_piu_em_novos_vizinhos.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP186-Piu_piu_em_passaro_indigesto
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP186-Piu_piu_em_passaro_indigesto.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP187-Piu_piu_e_frajola_a_historia_de_piu_piu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP187-Piu_piu_e_frajola_a_historia_de_piu_piu.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP188-Piu_piu_e_frajola_em_visitando_o_zoologico
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP188-Piu_piu_e_frajola_em_visitando_o_zoologico.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP189-Piu_piu_e_frajola_presos_na_nevasca
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP189-Piu_piu_e_frajola_presos_na_nevasca.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP190-Pocos_do_texa
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP190-Pocos_do_texa.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP191-Porcos_e_porcos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP191-Porcos_e_porcos.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP192-Praga_de_rato
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP192-Praga_de_rato.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP193-Quem_ri_por_ultimo_ri_melhor
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP193-Quem_ri_por_ultimo_ri_melhor.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP194-Que_opera_velhinho
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP194-Que_opera_velhinho.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP195-Que_pedrada
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP195-Que_pedrada.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP196-Rapoza_de_prata
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP196-Rapoza_de_prata.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP197-Ratinhos_brincalhoes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP197-Ratinhos_brincalhoes.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP198-Rato_quinta_coluna
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP198-Rato_quinta_coluna.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP199-Rato_tamanho_familia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP199-Rato_tamanho_familia.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP200-Razoes_sentimentais
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP200-Razoes_sentimentais.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP201-Rhapsody_in_rivets
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP201-Rhapsody_in_rivets.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP202-Roedorzinho_vermelho
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP202-Roedorzinho_vermelho.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP203-Romance_no_gelo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP203-Romance_no_gelo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP204-Romeu_sentimental
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP204-Romeu_sentimental.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP205-Sniffles_bells_the_cat
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP205-Sniffles_bells_the_cat.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP206-Sniffles_takes_a_trip
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP206-Sniffles_takes_a_trip.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP207-Sobrevivencia_na_floresta_com_frangolino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP207-Sobrevivencia_na_floresta_com_frangolino.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP208-Sono_espacial
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP208-Sono_espacial.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP209-Sr_e_sra_e_o_nome
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP209-Sr_e_sra_e_o_nome.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP210-Super_coelho
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP210-Super_coelho.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP211-Swooner_crooner
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP211-Swooner_crooner.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP212-Tentando_hibernar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP212-Tentando_hibernar.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP213-Tentando_tudo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP213-Tentando_tudo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP214-Toquinho_vai_acampanhar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP214-Toquinho_vai_acampanhar.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP215-Uma_cacada_no_cartoon
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP215-Uma_cacada_no_cartoon.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP216-Uma_festa_em_malibu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP216-Uma_festa_em_malibu.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP217-Uma_noite_com_os_astros
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP217-Uma_noite_com_os_astros.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP218-Um_chapeuzinho_vermelho_diferente
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP218-Um_chapeuzinho_vermelho_diferente.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP219-Um_gato_bem_informado
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP219-Um_gato_bem_informado.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP220-Um_moco_em_bagda
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP220-Um_moco_em_bagda.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP221-Uniao_em_perigo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP221-Uniao_em_perigo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP222-Valeu_bicho
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP222-Valeu_bicho.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP223-Vamos_tocar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP223-Vamos_tocar.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP224-Vida_de_cachorro
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP224-Vida_de_cachorro.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP225-Vida_de_gato_e_fogo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP225-Vida_de_gato_e_fogo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP226-Vida_selvagem
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP226-Vida_selvagem.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/looney-tunes.jpg" group-title="Looney Tunes",EP227-Visita_indesejada
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/EP227-Visita_indesejada.mkv

## Espaconave Terra

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 01
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2001%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 02
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2002%20HD(480P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 03
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2003%20HQ(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 04
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2004%20HQ(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 05
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2005%20HD(480P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 06
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2006%20HD(480P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 07
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2007%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 08
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2008%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 09
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2009%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 10
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2010%20HD(480P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 11
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2011%20HD(480P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 12
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2012%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 13
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2013%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 14
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2014%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 15
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2015%20HD(480P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 16
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2016%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 17
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2017%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 18
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2018%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 19
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2019%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 20
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2020%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 21
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2021%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 22
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2022%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 23
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2023%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 24
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2024%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 25
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2025%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 26
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2026%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 27
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2027%20HD(480P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 28
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2028%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 29
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2029%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 30
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2030%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 31
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2031%20HD(480P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 32
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2032%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 33
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2033%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 34
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2034%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 35
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2035%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 36
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2036%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 37
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2037%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 38
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2038%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 39
https://github.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/raw/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2039%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 40
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2040%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 41
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2041%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 42
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2042%20HD(480P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 43
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2043%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 44
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2044%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 45
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2045%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 46
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2046%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 47
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2047%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 48
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2048%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 49
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2049%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 50
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2050%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 51
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2051%20HD(360P).mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/espaconave-terra.png" group-title="Espaconave Terra",Semana 52
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Espa%C3%A7onave%20Terra%20(Tous%20Sur%20Orbite)%20-%20Semana%2052%20HD(360P).mp4

##Super Mario World

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/Super%20Mario%20World%20logo.jpeg" group-title="Super Mario World", Venda de Fogo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Super%20Mario%20World%20-%2001%20Venda%20de%20Fogo.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/Super%20Mario%20World%20logo.jpeg" group-title="Super Mario World", A Roda
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Super%20Mario%20World%20-%2002%20A%20Roda.mkv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivos/main/Super%20Mario%20World%20logo.jpeg" group-title="Super Mario World", Que Venha o Palhaço
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariosanthos/arquivo2/main/Super%20Mario%20World%20-%2003%20Que%20Venha%20o%20Palha%C3%A7o.mkv


